add tokenizers (#1)
lufixSch/tum_ffm_cheatsheet: cheatsheet.tex

        \textbf{Computation:} $\mathrm{FLOPS} \approx 6N \cdot D$ - With $D$ being the number of training tokens.
    \end{mdframed}
    \section{Tokenizers}
    \begin{mdframed}[style=eqbox]
        \textbf{Pre-tokenization}: Split input text via regex to prevent greedy encoding of words in different commen variations: \textid{dog? dog!}.
        Additionally tokens lead with a space: ' \textit{and}'.\\
        \textbf{Byte Pair Encoding (BPE)}: Given a base vocabulary size of 256 with UTF-8 BPE encodes additonal pairs of bytes as subsequent numbers to 256 eg. 257, 258...\\

>         Pairs are encoded based on their frequency of occurence to achive the maxiumn compresion. The process is itteratively repeated on a vocabulary set unitl the maxiumn voc. size is reached (e.g. GPT-4 ~100k) or the algorithm runs out of pairs.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Pairs are encoded based on their frequency of occurrence to achieve the maximum compression. The process is iteratively repeated on a vocabulary set until the maximum voc. size is reached (e.g. GPT-4 ~100k) or the algorithm runs out of pairs.\\
```
